Update templates, changelog, and branding for v0.1.0 (#326)
getwilds/wilds-docker-library: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

---
name: Feature request
about: Request a new Docker image or image update for the WILDS Docker Library
---

## Docker Image Request

**Tool/Software name:**
<!-- What's the name of the tool you'd like a Docker image for? -->

**Link to documentation or GitHub repository:**
<!-- Please provide a link so we can learn more about the tool -->

**What would you use this for?**
<!-- Describe the biological question or analysis you want to perform -->

**Why is this important for your work?**
<!-- Help us understand your use case and research needs -->

**Requested version(s):**

> <!-- Are there specific versions you need? e.g., "latest (v2.1.0)" or "both v1.x and v2.x" -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Are you aware of specific versions you need or the version you're using now? e.g., "latest (v2.1.0)" or "both v1.x and v2.x" -->
```
I suggest re-phrasing in case people are currently not thinking about the version.

**Platform requirements:**

> <!-- Do you need this on a specific platform? e.g., linux/amd64 only, or both amd64 and arm64 -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Processor requirements:**
<!-- Do you know if you need this image for specific processors? For example Intel/AMD (amd64) or Apple Silicon (arm64)-->
```
I would try making this more beginner friendly
